team 1 vs. team 0
100 vs. -500
backstabber vs. loyal
<<<<<<< HEAD
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 2 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 2 vs. team 1
-375 vs. -75
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 3 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. loyal
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 3 vs. team 1
-255 vs. -244
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. backstabber
cbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 3 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 4 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
user1 vs. loyal
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 4 vs. team 1
-252 vs. -248
user1 vs. backstabber
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 4 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
user1 vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 4 vs. team 3
0 vs. 0
user1 vs. loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 5 vs. team 0
4 vs. -24
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccbccccccbcccccccccbcccccccccbbccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 5 vs. team 1
-368 vs. -86
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. backstabber
cbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 5 vs. team 2
-144 vs. -149
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal vengeful
cccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
ccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb

team 5 vs. team 3
-196 vs. -200
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
cccbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbc
ccccbcbcbccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcb

team 5 vs. team 4
-346 vs. -86
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. user1
cccccccbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcb
ccccccccbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
>>>>>>> origin/master

team 2 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 2 vs. team 1
-375 vs. -75
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 3 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 3 vs. team 1
-376 vs. -74
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 3 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 4 vs. team 0
66 vs. -334
betray every 3rd round vs. loyal
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 4 vs. team 1
-334 vs. -134
betray every 3rd round vs. backstabber
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 4 vs. team 2
-50 vs. -249
betray every 3rd round vs. loyal vengeful
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbc

team 4 vs. team 3
-50 vs. -250
betray every 3rd round vs. loyal vengeful
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccb

team 5 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal w/ breaking point vs. loyal
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 5 vs. team 1
-252 vs. -248
loyal w/ breaking point vs. backstabber
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 5 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal w/ breaking point vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 5 vs. team 3
0 vs. 0
loyal w/ breaking point vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 5 vs. team 4
-135 vs. -328
loyal w/ breaking point vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc

team 6 vs. team 0
99 vs. -497
Winner vs. loyal
bbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 6 vs. team 1
-252 vs. -249
Winner vs. backstabber
bbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 6 vs. team 2
-75 vs. -372
Winner vs. loyal vengeful
bbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb

team 6 vs. team 3
-74 vs. -374
Winner vs. loyal vengeful
bbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc

team 6 vs. team 4
-136 vs. -331
Winner vs. betray every 3rd round
bbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb

team 6 vs. team 5
-250 vs. -250
Winner vs. loyal w/ breaking point
bbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 7 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
justin vs. loyal
cccccccccc                                                                                                                                                                                 
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 7 vs. team 1
-16 vs. -12
justin vs. backstabber
cbbbbbbbbb                                                                                                                                                                          
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 7 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
justin vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccc                                                                                                                           
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 7 vs. team 3
0 vs. 0
justin vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccc                                                                                                                                                                     
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 7 vs. team 4
-19 vs. -19
justin vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbbcbbcbb                                                                                                  
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb

team 7 vs. team 5
0 vs. 0
justin vs. loyal w/ breaking point
cccccccccc                                                                                                                                                   
cccccccccccbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 7 vs. team 6
-16 vs. -13
justin vs. Winner
cbbcbbbbbb                                                                                                                                                             
bbcbbbbbbbbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 8 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
ian vs. loyal
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 8 vs. team 1
-252 vs. -248
ian vs. backstabber
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 8 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
ian vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 8 vs. team 3
0 vs. 0
ian vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 8 vs. team 4
-135 vs. -329
ian vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb

team 8 vs. team 5
0 vs. 0
ian vs. loyal w/ breaking point
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 8 vs. team 6
-250 vs. -250
ian vs. Winner
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 8 vs. team 7
0 vs. 0
ian vs. justin
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccc                                                                                                                

team 9 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
nice chance vs. loyal
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 9 vs. team 1
-322 vs. -151
nice chance vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcccccbbbbbbbbbccbcbccbbbbbbbbbbcbbbbbccbccbbbbbcbbbbcbccbbbbbbcbbbbbccbbcbcbbbbbbbbcbbbbbbcbbbbcbbbcbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 9 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
nice chance vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 9 vs. team 3
0 vs. 0
nice chance vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 9 vs. team 4
-241 vs. -147
nice chance vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbbcbbcbbcbccbbcbbcbccbbccbcbbcbbcbbcbbccbccbcbbcbbcbccbccbbcbccbbcbbcbbcbccbbcbbcbccbbccccbbcbbcbbcbccbbcbbcbccbbcbccbbcbbccbccbcbbcbbcbbcbcccbcbccbbccccbbccccbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbccbccbccc
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb

team 9 vs. team 5
0 vs. 0
nice chance vs. loyal w/ breaking point
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 9 vs. team 6
-310 vs. -162
nice chance vs. Winner
cbcccbbbcbbbbbbcbcbcbbcbbcbbbbbbcbcbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbcbbbcbbbbcccbbbbbbbbbbbbbccccbccbbbbbbbbbcbbbcbcbbcccbcbbbcbbbbcbbccbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbcccbbb
bbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 9 vs. team 7
0 vs. 0
nice chance vs. justin
cccccccccccbcbccbbbbbcbbbbbbcbbbbbbbbbbcbcbbcbbbcbbbcbbcbccbbbbbbcbbbbbbbcccbbbbbbcbbbbbbbbbcbbbcbbbbbbbcbbbbbbbc
cccccccccc                                                                                                       

team 9 vs. team 8
0 vs. 0
nice chance vs. ian
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 10 vs. team 0
2 vs. -11
player 10 final vs. loyal
bbbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 10 vs. team 1
-250 vs. -250
player 10 final vs. backstabber
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 10 vs. team 2
-5 vs. -11
player 10 final vs. loyal vengeful
bbbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cbcbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 10 vs. team 3
-5 vs. -9
player 10 final vs. loyal vengeful
bbbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cbcbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 10 vs. team 4
-329 vs. 58
player 10 final vs. betray every 3rd round
bbbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb

team 10 vs. team 5
-250 vs. -250
player 10 final vs. loyal w/ breaking point
bbbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 10 vs. team 6
-253 vs. -246
player 10 final vs. Winner
bbbcccbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 10 vs. team 7
-11 vs. -11
player 10 final vs. justin
bbbcbccccccccbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbbbcbcccc                                                                                                                 

team 10 vs. team 8
-250 vs. -250
player 10 final vs. ian
bbbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 10 vs. team 9
-1 vs. -8
player 10 final vs. nice chance
bbbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
Albert vs. loyal
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 1
-252 vs. -248
Albert vs. backstabber
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 11 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
Albert vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 3
0 vs. 0
Albert vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 4
-218 vs. -213
Albert vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb

team 11 vs. team 5
0 vs. 0
Albert vs. loyal w/ breaking point
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 6
-251 vs. -248
Albert vs. Winner
cbbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 11 vs. team 7
0 vs. 0
Albert vs. justin
ccccccccccc                                                                                                                                                                       
cccccccccc                                                                                                                                                                        

team 11 vs. team 8
0 vs. 0
Albert vs. ian
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 9
0 vs. 0
Albert vs. nice chance
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 10
-12 vs. -12
Albert vs. player 10 final
cbbbcbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bbbcbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 0
0 vs. -3
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
bcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 1
-375 vs. -75
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
bcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 12 vs. team 2
-200 vs. -200
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
bcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb

team 12 vs. team 3
-199 vs. -202
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
bcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc

team 12 vs. team 4
-250 vs. -52
loyal vengeful vs. betray every 3rd round
bcbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbcc
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb

team 12 vs. team 5
-372 vs. -79
loyal vengeful vs. loyal w/ breaking point
bcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 12 vs. team 6
-372 vs. -79
loyal vengeful vs. Winner
bcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
bbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 12 vs. team 7
-16 vs. -16
loyal vengeful vs. justin
bcbcbcbcbcbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cbcbcbcbcb                                                                                                                         

team 12 vs. team 8
-372 vs. -79
loyal vengeful vs. ian
bcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 12 vs. team 9
0 vs. -5
loyal vengeful vs. nice chance
bccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 10
-9 vs. -4
loyal vengeful vs. player 10 final
bcbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bbbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 11
-198 vs. -203
loyal vengeful vs. Albert
bcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc

team 13 vs. team 0
50 vs. -250
backstabber/loyalJG vs. loyal
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 1
-500 vs. 100
backstabber/loyalJG vs. backstabber
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 13 vs. team 2
-133 vs. -133
backstabber/loyalJG vs. loyal vengeful
cbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbcc
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbc

team 13 vs. team 3
-131 vs. -136
backstabber/loyalJG vs. loyal vengeful
cbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccb
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbcc

team 13 vs. team 4
-249 vs. -50
backstabber/loyalJG vs. betray every 3rd round
cbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbcc
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc

team 13 vs. team 5
-490 vs. 93
backstabber/loyalJG vs. loyal w/ breaking point
cbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 13 vs. team 6
-493 vs. 95
backstabber/loyalJG vs. Winner
cccbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 13 vs. team 7
-9 vs. -9
backstabber/loyalJG vs. justin
cbccbccbccbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccbccbccbc                                                                                                                              

team 13 vs. team 8
-492 vs. 94
backstabber/loyalJG vs. ian
cbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 13 vs. team 9
-112 vs. -148
backstabber/loyalJG vs. nice chance
cbccbccbccbccbcbccbcbccbccbccbccbcbccbccbcbccbccbccbcbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbcbccbccbccbccbc
ccbccbccbccbccccbccccbccbccbccbccccbccbccccbccbccbccccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccccbccbccbccbccb

team 13 vs. team 10
40 vs. -243
backstabber/loyalJG vs. player 10 final
ccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bbbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 11
-134 vs. -134
backstabber/loyalJG vs. Albert
cbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbc
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccb

team 13 vs. team 12
-137 vs. -131
backstabber/loyalJG vs. loyal vengeful
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbc
bccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccb

team 14 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
Isaiah vs. loyal
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 1
-252 vs. -248
Isaiah vs. backstabber
cbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 14 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
Isaiah vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 3
0 vs. 0
Isaiah vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 4
-215 vs. -215
Isaiah vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc

team 14 vs. team 5
0 vs. 0
Isaiah vs. loyal w/ breaking point
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 6
-252 vs. -247
Isaiah vs. Winner
cbbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 14 vs. team 7
0 vs. 0
Isaiah vs. justin
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccc                                                                                                                                      

team 14 vs. team 8
0 vs. 0
Isaiah vs. ian
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 9
0 vs. 0
Isaiah vs. nice chance
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 10
-10 vs. -10
Isaiah vs. player 10 final
cbbbcbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bbbcbcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 11
0 vs. 0
Isaiah vs. Albert
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 12
-200 vs. -200
Isaiah vs. loyal vengeful
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
bcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc

team 14 vs. team 13
<<<<<<< HEAD
-135 vs. -132
Isaiah vs. backstabber/loyalJG
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbcc
cbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccb
=======
-87 vs. -102
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbbccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/origin/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> origin/master




	Each column shows score earned per round against each other player.


<<<<<<< HEAD
	P0	P1	P2	P3	P4	P5	P6	P7	P8	P9	P10	P11	P12	P13	P14	
P0	0	100	0	0	66	0	99	0	0	0	2	0	0	50	0	
P1	-500	0	-375	-376	-334	-252	-252	-16	-252	-322	-250	-252	-375	-500	-252	
P2	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	-75	0	0	0	-5	0	-200	-133	0	
P3	0	-74	0	0	-50	0	-74	0	0	0	-5	0	-199	-131	0	
P4	-334	-134	-249	-250	0	-135	-136	-19	-135	-241	-329	-218	-250	-249	-215	
P5	0	-248	0	0	-328	0	-250	0	0	0	-250	0	-372	-490	0	
P6	-497	-249	-372	-374	-331	-250	0	-16	-250	-310	-253	-251	-372	-493	-252	
P7	0	-12	0	0	-19	0	-13	0	0	0	-11	0	-16	-9	0	
P8	0	-248	0	0	-329	0	-250	0	0	0	-250	0	-372	-492	0	
P9	0	-151	0	0	-147	0	-162	0	0	0	-1	0	0	-112	0	
P10	-11	-250	-11	-9	58	-250	-246	-11	-250	-8	0	-12	-9	40	-10	
P11	0	-248	0	0	-213	0	-248	0	0	0	-12	0	-198	-134	0	
P12	-3	-75	-200	-202	-52	-79	-79	-16	-79	-5	-4	-203	0	-137	-200	
P13	-250	100	-133	-136	-50	93	95	-9	94	-148	-243	-134	-131	0	-135	
P14	0	-248	0	0	-215	0	-247	0	0	0	-10	0	-200	-132	0	
Total:	-1593	-1809	-1337	-1345	-1988	-869	-1830	-83	-868	-1029	-1614	-1066	-2688	-2915	-1061	
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
	P0	P1	P2	P3	P4	P5	
P0	0	100	0	0	0	4	
P1	-500	0	-375	-255	-252	-368	
P2	0	-75	0	0	0	-144	
P3	0	-244	0	0	0	-196	
P4	0	-248	0	0	0	-346	
P5	-24	-86	-149	-200	-86	0	
Total:	-523	-551	-523	-453	-336	-1047	
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
	P0	P1	P2	P3	P4	P5	P6	P7	
P0	0	100	0	0	66	0	99	0	
P1	-500	0	-376	-377	-334	-376	-252	-375	
P2	0	-74	0	0	-50	0	-74	0	
P3	0	-74	0	0	-50	0	-73	0	
P4	-333	-133	-248	-250	0	-249	-136	-250	
P5	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	-74	0	
P6	-498	-248	-374	-373	-330	-374	0	-374	
P7	0	-75	0	0	-49	0	-74	0	
Total:	-1329	-576	-997	-999	-795	-997	-581	-998	
=======
	P0	P1	P2	P3	P4	P5	P6	P7	P8	P9	P10	P11	P12	P13	
P0	0	100	0	0	66	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P1	-500	0	-377	-376	-335	-375	-376	-376	-253	-377	-375	-375	-375	-500	
P2	0	-74	0	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P3	0	-74	0	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P4	-331	-132	-250	-250	0	-250	-250	-250	-218	-250	-250	-250	-250	-334	
P5	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P6	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P7	0	-74	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P8	0	-246	0	0	-211	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P9	0	-74	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P10	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P11	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P12	0	-75	0	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P13	0	100	0	0	66	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
Total:	-830	-845	-626	-625	-858	-625	-625	-625	-470	-626	-625	-625	-625	-833	
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/origin/master
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
	P0	P1	P2	P3	P4	P5	P6	P7	P8	P9	P10	P11	P12	P13	P14	P15	P16	P17	
P0	0	100	0	0	66	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	10	0	0	0	
P1	-500	0	-375	-376	-334	-375	-375	-376	-252	-375	-376	-375	-375	-375	-367	-375	-377	-377	
P2	0	-75	0	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-152	0	0	0	
P3	0	-74	0	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-73	0	0	0	
P4	-331	-134	-250	-250	0	-250	-250	-248	-136	-250	-250	-249	-250	-250	-243	-249	-248	-249	
P5	0	-75	0	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-170	0	0	0	
P6	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-73	0	0	0	
P7	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-152	0	0	0	
P8	0	-249	0	0	-328	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-338	0	0	0	
P9	0	-75	0	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-104	0	0	0	
P10	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-90	0	0	0	
P11	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-143	0	0	0	
P12	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-137	0	0	0	
P13	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-77	0	0	0	
P14	-53	-88	-177	-86	-74	-195	-92	-170	-76	-115	-115	-166	-159	-95	0	-146	-151	-170	
P15	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-121	0	0	0	
P16	0	-74	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-123	0	0	0	
P17	0	-74	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-154	0	0	0	
Total:	-882	-1337	-801	-711	-1310	-819	-716	-793	-463	-739	-740	-788	-783	-719	-2498	-769	-774	-794	
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
	P0	P1	P2	P3	P4	P5	P6	P7	P8	P9	P10	P11	P12	P13	P14	P15	
P0	0	100	0	0	66	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P1	-500	0	-376	-375	-335	-375	-375	-375	-254	-376	-376	-377	-375	-376	0	-376	
P2	0	-74	0	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P3	0	-75	0	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P4	-333	-132	-250	-250	0	-249	-250	-250	-216	-250	-250	-249	-250	-250	0	-249	
P5	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P6	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P7	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P8	0	-246	0	0	-211	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P9	0	-74	0	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P10	0	-74	0	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P11	0	-74	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P12	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P13	0	-74	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P14	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
P15	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	
Total:	-832	-1095	-625	-625	-1021	-623	-625	-625	-469	-625	-625	-624	-625	-625	0	-624	
=======
	P0	P1	P2	P3	P4	P5	P6	P7	P8	P9	P10	
P0	0	100	0	0	66	0	0	0	0	0	2	
P1	-500	0	-375	-375	-334	-375	-376	-375	-253	-375	-250	
P2	0	-75	0	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	-5	
P3	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	-5	
P4	-334	-133	-250	-250	0	-250	-250	-250	-219	-250	-329	
P5	0	-75	0	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	-6	
P6	0	-74	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	-4	
P7	0	-75	0	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	-3	
P8	0	-247	0	0	-208	0	0	0	0	0	-5	
P9	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	-5	
P10	-11	-250	-10	-9	59	-11	-8	-6	-10	-10	0	
Total:	-844	-977	-634	-633	-710	-635	-633	-630	-479	-634	-605	
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
=======
	P0	P1	P2	P3	P4	P5	P6	P7	P8	P9	P10	P11	P12	P13	P14	
P0	0	100	0	0	66	0	0	0	0	0	1	0	0	0	13	
P1	-500	0	-375	-377	-334	-376	-376	-16	-255	-328	-250	-252	-375	-376	-375	
P2	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	-4	0	-200	0	-133	
P3	0	-74	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	-4	0	-198	0	-128	
P4	-333	-134	-249	-250	0	-249	-250	-11	-218	-243	-327	-218	-248	-249	-245	
P5	0	-74	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	-4	0	-199	0	-106	
P6	0	-75	0	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	-4	0	-200	0	-121	
P7	0	-13	0	0	-11	0	0	0	0	0	-10	0	-12	0	0	
P8	0	-243	0	0	-212	0	0	0	0	0	-4	0	-200	0	-169	
P9	0	-142	0	0	-149	0	0	0	0	0	-1	0	-20	0	-62	
P10	-9	-250	-8	-7	56	-8	-7	-10	-7	-11	0	-13	-7	-9	-4	
P11	0	-248	0	0	-214	0	0	0	0	0	-13	0	-200	0	-194	
P12	-5	-75	-200	-203	-54	-202	-200	-12	-200	-23	-3	-200	0	-200	-153	
P13	0	-75	0	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	-4	0	-200	0	-87	
P14	-68	-77	-171	-148	-77	-141	-147	0	-173	-99	-33	-198	-168	-102	0	
Total:	-911	-1449	-1001	-982	-1172	-973	-978	-47	-852	-701	-652	-878	-2222	-933	-1757	
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/origin/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> origin/master


 Average per round, with team strategy names:

<<<<<<< HEAD
player 0: -107 points: loyal
player 1: -121 points: backstabber
player 2: -90 points: loyal vengeful
player 3: -90 points: loyal vengeful
player 4: -133 points: betray every 3rd round
player 5: -58 points: loyal w/ breaking point
player 6: -122 points: Winner
player 7: -6 points: justin
player 8: -58 points: ian
player 9: -69 points: nice chance
player 10: -108 points: player 10 final
player 11: -72 points: Albert
player 12: -180 points: loyal vengeful
player 13: -195 points: backstabber/loyalJG
player 14: -71 points: Isaiah
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
player 0: -88 points: loyal
player 1: -92 points: backstabber
player 2: -88 points: loyal vengeful
player 3: -76 points: loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
player 4: -56 points: user1
player 5: -175 points: loyal vengeful occasionally greedy
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
player 0: -167 points: loyal
player 1: -72 points: backstabber
player 2: -125 points: loyal vengeful
player 3: -125 points: loyal vengeful
player 4: -100 points: betray every 3rd round
player 5: -125 points: loyal vengeful
player 6: -73 points: Winner
player 7: -125 points: loyal vengeful
=======
player 0: -60 points: loyal
player 1: -61 points: backstabber
player 2: -45 points: loyal vengeful
player 3: -45 points: loyal vengeful
player 4: -62 points: betray every 3rd round
player 5: -45 points: loyal vengeful
player 6: -45 points: loyal vengeful
player 7: -45 points: loyal vengeful
player 8: -34 points: loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
player 9: -45 points: loyal vengeful
player 10: -45 points: loyal vengeful
player 11: -45 points: loyal vengeful
player 12: -45 points: loyal vengeful
player 13: -60 points: backstabber/loyalJG
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/origin/master
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
player 0: -49 points: loyal
player 1: -75 points: backstabber
player 2: -45 points: loyal vengeful
player 3: -40 points: loyal vengeful
player 4: -73 points: betray every 3rd round
player 5: -46 points: loyal vengeful
player 6: -40 points: loyal vengeful
player 7: -45 points: loyal vengeful
player 8: -26 points: ian
player 9: -42 points: loyal vengeful
player 10: -42 points: loyal vengeful
player 11: -44 points: loyal vengeful
player 12: -44 points: loyal vengeful
player 13: -40 points: loyal vengeful
player 14: -139 points: loyal vengeful occasionally greedy
player 15: -43 points: loyal vengeful
player 16: -43 points: loyal vengeful
player 17: -45 points: loyal vengeful
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
player 0: -52 points: loyal
player 1: -69 points: backstabber
player 2: -40 points: loyal vengeful
player 3: -40 points: loyal vengeful
player 4: -64 points: betray every 3rd round
player 5: -39 points: loyal vengeful
player 6: -40 points: loyal vengeful
player 7: -40 points: loyal vengeful
player 8: -30 points: loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
player 9: -40 points: loyal vengeful
player 10: -40 points: loyal vengeful
player 11: -39 points: loyal vengeful
player 12: -40 points: loyal vengeful
player 13: -40 points: loyal vengeful
player 14: 0 points: Isaiah
player 15: -39 points: loyal vengeful
=======
player 0: -77 points: loyal
player 1: -89 points: backstabber
player 2: -58 points: loyal vengeful
player 3: -58 points: loyal vengeful
player 4: -65 points: betray every 3rd round
player 5: -58 points: loyal vengeful
player 6: -58 points: loyal vengeful
player 7: -58 points: loyal vengeful
player 8: -44 points: loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
player 9: -58 points: loyal vengeful
player 10: -55 points: player 10 final
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
=======
player 0: -61 points: loyal
player 1: -97 points: backstabber
player 2: -67 points: loyal vengeful
player 3: -66 points: loyal vengeful
player 4: -79 points: betray every 3rd round
player 5: -65 points: loyal vengeful
player 6: -66 points: loyal vengeful
player 7: -4 points: justin
player 8: -57 points: loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
player 9: -47 points: nice chance
player 10: -44 points: player 10 final
player 11: -59 points: Albert
player 12: -149 points: loyal vengeful
player 13: -63 points: loyal vengeful
player 14: -118 points: loyal vengeful occasionally greedy
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/origin/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> origin/master


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Here is the code that produced this data:

from __future__ import print_function

<<<<<<< HEAD

=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
''' Tony Lee
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
''' 
=======
>>>>>>> origin/master
''' Josh Glover
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/origin/master
 Isaiah Hayward
======= Sarah Widder
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
=======

>>>>>>> refs/remotes/origin/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/origin/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> origin/master
PrisonerDilemma.py allows hard-coding different strategies
for the Iterative Prisoners Dilemma, the canonical game of game-theory.
Each strategy plays 100 to 200 rounds against each other strategy.
The results of all previous rounds within a 100-200 round stretch are known
to both players. 

play_tournament() executes the tournament and stores output in tournament.txt

Players should each code their strategies in their assigned section of code.

Aggregated results are stored in tournament.txt

Unpublished work (c)2013 Project Lead The Way
CSE Project 1.3.5 Collaborating on a Project
Draft, Do Not Distribute
Version 8/23/2013 
'''
<<<<<<< HEAD
'''ianhudson'''
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
'''ianhudson'''
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> origin/master

import random
def play_round(player1, player2, history1, history2, score1, score2):
    '''
    Calls the get_action() function which will get the characters
    'c' or 'b' for collude or betray for each player.
    The history is provided in a string, e.g. 'ccb' indicates the player
    colluded in the first two rounds and betrayed in the most recent round.
    Returns a 4-tuple with updated histories and scores
    (history1, history2, score1, score2)
    '''
    
    RELEASE = 0 # (R) when both players collude
    TREAT = 100 # (T) when you betray your partner
    SEVERE_PUNISHMENT = -500 # (S) when your partner betrays you
    PUNISHMENT = -250 # (P) when both players betray each other
    # Keep T > R > P > S to be a Prisoner's Dilemma
    # Keep 2R > T + S to be an Iterative Prisoner's Dilemma
    
    #Get the two players' actions and remember them.
    action1 = get_action(player1, history1, history2, score1, score2)
    action2 = get_action(player2, history2, history1, score2, score1)
    if type(action1) != str:
        action1=' '
    if type(action2) != str:
        action2=' '
    #Append the actions to the previous histories, to return
    new_history1 = history1 + action1
    new_history2 = history2 + action2
    
    #Change scores based upon player actions
    if action1 not in ('c','b') or action2 not in ('c','b'):
    # Do nothing if someone's code returns an improper action
        new_score1 = score1
        new_score2 = score2
        
    else: 
    #Both players' code provided proper actions
        if action1 == 'c':
            if action2 == 'c':
                # both players collude; get reward
                new_score1 = score1 + RELEASE
                new_score2 = score2 + RELEASE
            else:
                # players 1,2 collude, betray; get sucker, tempation
                new_score1 = score1 + SEVERE_PUNISHMENT
                new_score2 = score2 + TREAT
        else:
            if action2 == 'c':
                # players 1,2 betray, collude; get tempation, sucker
                new_score1 = score1 + TREAT
                new_score2 = score2 + SEVERE_PUNISHMENT                       
            else:
                # both players betray; get punishment   
                new_score1 = score1 + PUNISHMENT
                new_score2 = score2 + PUNISHMENT
                    
    #send back the updated histories and scores
    return (new_history1, new_history2, new_score1, new_score2)
   
def play_iterative_rounds(player1, player2):
    '''
    Plays a random number of rounds (between 100 and 200 rounds) 
    of the iterative prisoners' dilemma between two strategies.
    identified in the parameters as integers.
    Returns 4-tuple, for example ('cc', 'bb', -200, 600) 
    but with much longer strings 
    '''
    number_of_rounds = random.randint(100,200)
    moves1 = ''
    moves2 = ''
    score1 = 0
    score2 = 0
    for round in range(number_of_rounds):
        moves1, moves2, score1, score2 = \
            play_round(player1, player2, moves1, moves2, score1, score2)
    return (moves1, moves2, score1, score2)

def get_action(player, history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score, getting_team_name=False):
    '''Gets the strategy for the player, given their own history and that of
    their opponent, as well as the current scores within this pairing.
    The parameters history and opponenet history are strings with one letter
    per round that has been played so far: either an 'c' for collude or a 'b' for 
    betray. The function should return one character, 'c' or 'b'. 
    The history strings have the first round between these two players 
    as the first character and the most recent round as the last character.'''
<<<<<<< HEAD
    
    times = 0
            
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
      
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
      
=======
    
    times = 0
            
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> origin/master
    ######
    ######
    #
    # This example player always colludes
    if player == 0:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal'
        else:
            return 'c'

    
        
            
                
                    
                            
    ######
    ######
    #
    #This example player always betrays.      
    elif player == 1:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'backstabber'
        else:
            return 'b'








    ######
    ######
    #   
    #This example player is silent at first and then 
    #only betrays if they were a sucker last round.
    elif player == 2:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray if they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude


    
    
    
    
    # EACH STUDENT TEAM CAN CHANGE ONE OF THESE elif SEGMENTS OF CODE.










    ######
    ######
    #
<<<<<<< HEAD
    elif player == 90:
=======
    elif player == 3:
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude











    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 4:
        if getting_team_name:
<<<<<<< HEAD
            return 'user1'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0:
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b'
            elif history[-1]=='b' and opponent_history[-1]=='c':
                return 'b'
            elif history[-1]=='b' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='c':
                return 'c'
            else:
                return 'c'
            if len(opponent_history)==2 and history[-1]=='c' and history[-2]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-2]=='c':
                return 'b'
    
=======
            return 'betray every 3rd round'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            size = len(history)
            if(size%3==0): #the number of rounds played is a multiple of 3
                return 'c'
            else:
                return 'b'
    
    
    
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master







 ######
    ######
    #
<<<<<<< HEAD
    elif player == 91:
=======
    elif player == 5:
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal w/ breaking point'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='c':
                return 'c' # collude if opponent is also colluding
            else:
                return 'b' #otherwise betray

    
    
    
    
    





    ######
    ######        
    #
    elif player == 6:
        if getting_team_name:
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
>>>>>>> origin/master
            return 'Winner'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: 
                return 'b'
            elif len(opponent_history)==1: 
                return 'b'
            elif len(opponent_history)==2: 
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='b' and opponent_history[-1]=='c':
                return 'b'
            elif history[-1]=='b' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='c':
                return 'b' 
            elif history[-1]=='c' and history[-2]=='b' and opponent_history[-1]=='c':
                return 'b'           
            else:
                return 'c'
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> origin/master










    ######
    ######       
    #
    elif player == 7:
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were sucker last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude

<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
=======
>>>>>>> origin/master
        bs = 0
        cs = 0
        run = 0
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'justin'
        else:
            #Try 1
            '''if len(opponent_history) == 0:
                return 'b'
            elif len(opponent_history) == 1 and opponent_history[0] == 'c':
                return 'b'
            elif opponent_history[-1] == 'c':
                return 'c'
            else:
                return 'c'
                '''
            #Try 2
            '''if len(opponent_history) == 0:
                return 'c'
            else:
                for move in opponent_history:
                    if move == 'b':
                        bs += 1
                    elif move == 'c':
                        cs += 1
                percentB = bs*100/len(opponent_history)
                percentC = cs*100/len(opponent_history)
                if percentB == 100:
                    return 'b'
                elif percentC == 100 and len(opponent_history) >= 4:
                    return 'b'
                elif len(opponent_history) >= 5 and percentB <= 34 and percentB >= 15:
                    if 'bcccb' in opponent_history:
                        return 'b'
                    else:
                        if percentB >= 35:
                            return 'b'
                        else:
                            return 'c'        
                elif percentB >= 45:
                    return 'b'
                else:
                    return 'c'
                '''    
            #Final Choice        
            if len(opponent_history)==0:
                return 'c'
            elif len(opponent_history) >= 10:
                for move in opponent_history:
                    if move == 'b':
                        run += 1
                if run/len(opponent_history) >= 45:
                    return 'b'
            elif times == 3:
                times = 0
                return 'b'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='c':
                times += 1
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='b' and opponent_history[-1]=='c':
                times = 0
                return 'c'
            elif len(opponent_history) >= 2:
                if history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1] == 'b' and opponent_history[-2]=='b':
                    return 'b'        
                else:
                    return 'b'
            else:
                times = 0
                return 'b'
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> origin/master










    ######
    ######        
    #
<<<<<<< HEAD
    elif player == 3:
        if getting_team_name:
            #if there was a previous round just like 
=======
    elif player == 8:
        if getting_team_name:
            #if there was a previous round just like 
            return 'ian'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0:
                return 'c'
            if 'b' in opponent_history:
                return 'b'
            else:
                return 'c'
                

<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
            return 'loyal vengeful with permanent second impression'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy      
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            else:
                # if there was a previous round just like the last one,
                # do whatever they did in the round that followed it
                recent_round_opponent = opponent_history[-1]
                recent_round_me = history[-1]
                            
                #go through rounds before that one
                for round in range(len(history)-1):
                    prior_round_opponent = opponent_history[round]
                    prior_round_me = history[round]
                    #if one matches
                    if (prior_round_me == recent_round_me) and \
                            (prior_round_opponent == recent_round_opponent):
                        return opponent_history[round]
                # no match found
                if history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                    return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
                else:
                    return 'c' #otherwise collude
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> origin/master












    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 9:
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/origin/master
>>>>>>> origin/master
        chance=random.randint(1,12)
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'nice chance'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0:
                return 'c'
            elif chance in (1,5,11) or opponent_history[-1]=='c':
                return 'c'
            else:
                return 'b'
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude

<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/origin/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/origin/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> origin/master









    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 10:
        if getting_team_name:
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
=======
>>>>>>> origin/master
            return 'player 10 final'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history) < 3: #It's the first three rounds: betray
                return 'b'
            elif opponent_history[-1]=='c' or opponent_history[-2]=='c' or opponent_history[-3]=='c':
                return 'c' # collude if partner colluded in the last three rounds
            else:
                return 'b' #betray if partner only betrayed in the last three rounds
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/origin/master
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/origin/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> origin/master









    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 11:
        if getting_team_name:
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/origin/master
>>>>>>> origin/master
            return 'Albert'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0:
                return 'c'
            else:
                return opponent_history[-1]
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/origin/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/origin/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> origin/master










    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 12:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
<<<<<<< HEAD
                return 'b'
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
                return 'c'
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
                return 'c'
=======
                return 'b'
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> origin/master
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    


    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 13:
        if getting_team_name:
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
>>>>>>> origin/master
            return 'backstabber/loyalJG'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='c':
<<<<<<< HEAD
                return 'b' # betray to gain if they collude again
=======
                return 'c' # betray to gain if they collude again
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> origin/master
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    







    ######
    ######
    #
<<<<<<< HEAD
    elif player == 5:
        if getting_team_name:
=======
    elif player == 14:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'Isaiah'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0:
                return 'c'
            elif opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b'
            else:
<<<<<<< HEAD
                return 'c'
=======
                return 'cc'
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
            return 'loyal vengeful occasionally greedy'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                if random.random()<0.1: #10% of the other rounds
                    return 'b'         #betray
                else:
                    return 'c'         #otherwise collude
    
    
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> refs/remotes/csesbeaucha/master
>>>>>>> origin/master
    
    



    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 15:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    







    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 16:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    







    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 17:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    







    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 18:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    







    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 19:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    







def play_tournament(num_players):
    #create a list of zeros, one per player
    scores = []
    for i in range(num_players):
        scores += [0]
    
    
    ''' Get the team name from each team algorithm'''
    #create a list of the right length
    team_names = range(num_players)
    for player in range(num_players):
        team_names[player] = get_action(player,'','',0,0,getting_team_name=True)
             
    # each element will become a column for each player
    # range is just to get list of correct size
    result_table=range(num_players)     
    moves_table=range(num_players) 
    
    
    for player1 in range(num_players):  
        # create the column for each player
        # range just to get list of correct size
        result_table[player1]=range(num_players) 
        result_table[player1][player1]=0 # initialize unused diagonal to 0
        moves_table[player1]=range(num_players)
        # play a game between with every other player of lower number
        for player2 in range(player1):
            moves1, moves2, score1, score2 = \
                play_iterative_rounds(player1, player2)
            
            rounds = len(moves1)
            score1_per_round = score1/rounds 
            score2_per_round = score2/rounds
            
            result_table[player1][player2]=score1_per_round
            result_table[player2][player1]=score2_per_round
            
            moves_table[player1][player2] = moves1
            moves_table[player2][player1] = moves2
            
            #accumulate the results for the two players
            scores[player1] += score1*1.0/len(moves1)#ends up same as column sum
            scores[player2] += score2*1.0/len(moves2)#ends up same as column sum
     
    '''report round-level results in a data file'''
    use_datafile=True
    if use_datafile:
        # use the same directory as the python script
        import os.path              
        directory = os.path.dirname(os.path.abspath(__file__))  
        
        #name the file tournament.txt
        filename = os.path.join(directory, 'tournament.txt')
        #create the file for the round-by-round results
        results = open(filename,'w')
        for player1 in range(num_players):
            for player2 in range(player1):
                # store the results in the file
                #title by team numbers
                results.write('team ' + str(player1) + 
                              ' vs. ' + 'team ' + str(player2) +'\n')
                #title by player-on-player average score
                results.write(str(result_table[player1][player2]) + 
                              ' vs. ' + str(result_table[player2][player1])+'\n')
                #title by team names
                results.write(team_names[player1] + 
                             ' vs. ' + team_names[player2] + '\n')
                #show the moves, aligned vertically
                results.write(moves_table[player1][player2] +'\n')
                results.write(moves_table[player2][player1] +'\n')
                #blank line between each pair's results
                results.write('\n')
            
        #at the bottom repeat the output that was sent to the screen
        #print a title for the table
        results.write('\n\n\n\tEach column shows score earned per round against each other player.\n\n\n')
        #print header line
        results.write('\t') #skip 1st column
        for player1 in range(num_players):
            results.write('P'+str(player1)+'\t') # label each additional column
        results.write('\n')
        
        #print each player's scores
        for player2 in range(num_players):
            results.write('P'+str(player2)+'\t') #label the player's row
            for player1 in range(num_players):
                #print score against each other player
                results.write(str(result_table[player1][player2])+'\t') 
            results.write('\n')
        results.write('Total:\t')
        for player1 in range(num_players):
            results.write(str(int(scores[player1]))+'\t')
        results.write('\n\n\n Average per round, with team strategy names:\n\n')       
    
        #print team ids, total scores, and names
        for player in range(num_players):
            results.write('player ' + str(player) + ': ' + \
                    str(int(scores[player])/num_players) + ' points: '+\
                    team_names[player]+'\n')
                    
                    
        #append the file showing algorithms
        results.write('\n\n' + '-'*79 + '\n' + \
                    'Here is the code that produced this data:\n\n')
        this_code_file = open(__file__, 'r')
        for line in this_code_file:
            results.write(line)
                
    '''report the results on screen'''        
    #print a title for the table
    print('\n\n\tEach column shows score earned per round against each other player.\n\n')
    
    #print header line
    print('\t', end='') #skip 1st column
    for player1 in range(num_players):
        print('P',player1, end='\t') # label each additional column
    print()
    
    #print each player's scores
    for player2 in range(num_players):
        print('P',player2, end='\t') #label the player's row
        for player1 in range(num_players):
            #print score against each other player
            print(result_table[player1][player2], end='\t') 
        print()
    #print row of total scores
    print('Total:\t',end='')
    for player1 in range(num_players):
        print(str(int(scores[player1])),end='\t')

    print('\n\n\n Average per round, with team strategy names:\n\n')
    #print team ids, total scores, and names
    for player in range(num_players):
        print('player ' + str(player) , ': ' , 
               str(int(scores[player])/num_players) , ' points: ',
               team_names[player])
    
